Resume Summary Examples : 
1. Strategically-minded Financial Analyst with 9 years of proven success in financial reporting and fund management. Highly skilled at increasing company revenue through detailed cost analysis. During 2009-2018, my direct efforts increased company profitability by 15%.
2. Product Designer proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, and web applications. Over the last 8 years, I have designed more than 20 complex web applications for startups in different areas and stages.
3. Business analyst with more than 10 years of experience in market analysis and business intelligence. Successfully connected internal sales, marketing as well as design teams with external partners via new software integrations, leading to 20% more efficient workflow. Developed successful business models resulting in a revenue increase of 4.4% every year.
4. An enthusiastic Office Administrator with 5 years of proven track record of managing all activities within the office. My diligent role included daily tasks such as writing multiple reports and various business forms for 20 office team members, while answering 100+ calls and emails, scheduling internal meetings and managing the directors' calendars.
5. Digital Marketing Project Manager with 9 years of international experience. Proven success in running digital marketing and business advertising campaigns for more than 50 clients, managing projects with the budget exceeding $40,000 per week, and delivering creative viral solutions on tight deadlines.
6. Senior Front End Developer with 8 years of proven experience in an innovative startup environment. Highly skilled in JavaScript, front end frameworks, and development of single page applications with real-time communication. Have built and delivered solutions used by more than 2 million users.
7. Human Resources Manager with over 10 years of experience in establishing productive business relationships. Doubled the number of new job applicants by organizing and implementing an employer branding program, and successfully headhunted and recruited more than 500 professionals for Tech and Marketing positions.
8. Friendly and outgoing Customer Service Representative with 7 years of experience in busy call centers. Proven ability to deliver exceptional customer service and to resolve issues promptly. Received 96% positive ratings and recognized for being client-centric.
9. Results-driven Sales Manager with 12 years of experience in managing multiple teams and meeting company goals. During 2018, increased unit sales goals by 260%, managed and maintained a portfolio of 400 business clients.